Update changelog for 9.2.0-alpha.1 (#329)
mapbox/mapbox-gl-native-android: CHANGELOG.md

Mapbox welcomes participation and contributions from everyone. Please read [`Contributing Guide`](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-gl-native/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md) to get started.

## 9.2.0-alpha.1 - April 21, 2020
### Features

>  - The [`SymbolLayer.iconTextFit`](https://docs.mapbox.com/android/api/map-sdk/9.1.0/com/mapbox/mapboxsdk/style/layers/PropertyFactory.html#iconTextFit-com.mapbox.mapboxsdk.style.expressions.Expression-) property now respects the stretch metadata of any nine-part stretchable image passed into the `style.addImage` method. You can define the stretchable area of an image by configuring the `stretchX`, `stretchY`, `content` options on `Style.addImage` to append the requisite [metadata](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-gl-js/issues/8917). ([#314](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-gl-native-android/pull/314))

Reviewer: Should `SymbolLayer.iconTextFit` link to the v9.2.0-alpha.1 docset instead of the v9.1.0 docset, assuming it’ll be published shortly after this changelog goes out?

(We don’t normally link symbols in the iOS and macOS changelogs, because the only place outside GitHub that they appear is in the API reference’s cover page, where jazzy automatically links to the relevant documentation for the current version. I don’t think there’s an analogous place where the Android changelog appears, though.)

Author: Yeah, doc for 9.2.0 will be updated after this release.

Reviewer 2: Yeah, great point -- if the 9.2.0 docset will be available after the alpha.1 is published, we should link to that docset instead.

>  - The [`SymbolLayer.iconTextFit`](https://docs.mapbox.com/android/api/map-sdk/9.1.0/com/mapbox/mapboxsdk/style/layers/PropertyFactory.html#iconTextFit-com.mapbox.mapboxsdk.style.expressions.Expression-) property now respects the stretch metadata of any nine-part stretchable image passed into the `style.addImage` method. You can define the stretchable area of an image by configuring the `stretchX`, `stretchY`, and/or `content` options on `Style.addImage` to append the requisite [metadata](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-gl-js/issues/8917). [#314](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-gl-native-android/pull/314))

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 - The [`SymbolLayer.iconTextFit`](https://docs.mapbox.com/android/api/map-sdk/9.1.0/com/mapbox/mapboxsdk/style/layers/PropertyFactory.html#iconTextFit-com.mapbox.mapboxsdk.style.expressions.Expression-) property now respects the stretch metadata of any nine-part stretchable image passed into the `style.addImage` method. You can define the stretchable area of an image by configuring the `stretchX`, `stretchY`, `content` options on `Style.addImage` to append the requisite [metadata](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-gl-js/issues/8917). ([#314](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-gl-native-android/pull/314))
```

>  - Added methods to set and get the sort key of features in a `CircleLayer` at runtime. Features with a higher sort key will appear above features with a lower sort key. ([#322](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-gl-native-android/pull/322))

Reviewer: It might be a difference without a distinction, but I think there’s a `PropertyFactory` method to set the sort key now; there isn’t a setter on `CircleLayer` itself.

Reviewer 2: Yeah, good point. Currently this entry is consistent with the changelog entries in 9.1.0 for the other sort key properties we added. I'm OK merging as is, though it can be improved.

To your main point, I am unsure of the best way to cite style properties by name on Android. For the previous entry, I asked @Chaoba whether we should write `PropertyFactory.iconTextFit` or `SymbolLayer.iconTextFit` and he said the latter. I also prefer the latter because it looks better and would be consistent with iOS and GL JS, but I can't tell if `SymbolLayer.iconTextFit` is inaccurate or misleading for developers who use our Android SDK. 

@mapbox/maps-android, could you shed light on how `PropertyFactory` works (e.g. where the relationship between the `PropertyFactory` class and the `*Layer` classes for each layer type is established), and what you would suggest for describing style properties by name?

>  - Enabled setting `Source.maxOverscaleFactor` to define the maximum factor by which a parent tile can be overscaled during rendering. This setting is only needed if a custom source on your map is appearing blurry or distorted when viewed at new zoom levels. ([#299](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-gl-native-android/pull/299))

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 - Added `Source.maxOverscaleFactor` for defining the maximum factor by which a parent tile can be overscaled during rendering. This setting is only needed if a custom source on your map appears blurry or distorted when viewed at new zoom levels. ([#299](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-gl-native-android/pull/299))
```

### Bug fixes

>  - Enabled adding missing style images on-demand on `MapSnapshotter`. ([#317](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-gl-native-android/pull/317))

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 - Enabled adding style images on-demand on `MapSnapshotter`. ([#317](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-gl-native-android/pull/317))
```

Reviewer 2: I realized that "missing image" is something that inadvertently entered my vernacular after discussing this feature many times. The original intent was to call style images added through the `onStyleImageMissing` callback "on-demand images." https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-gl-js/pull/7987

>  - Fixed issues that `onStyleImageMissing` callback not fired in Snapshotter. ([#317](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-gl-native/pull/317))

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 - Enabled adding missing style images on-demand on `MapSnapshotter`. ([#317](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-gl-native-android/pull/317))
```

>  - Correctly log a warning instead of crashing when a nonexistent image is attempted to be removed. ([#16391](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-gl-native/pull/16391))
>  - Fixed a crash that would occur if an invalid `LineString` were added to a symbol layer. ([#16409](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-gl-native/pull/16409))

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 - Fixed a crash when calling the `Style.removeImage` method with the name of a nonexistent image. ([#16391](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-gl-native/pull/16391))
 - Fixed a crash when encountering an invalid polyline. ([#16409](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-gl-native/pull/16409))
 - Certain logging statements no longer run on the main thread. ([#16325](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-gl-native/pull/16325))
```

Mapbox welcomes participation and contributions from everyone. Please read [`Contributing Guide`](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-gl-native/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md) to get started.

## 9.2.0-alpha.1 - April 21, 2020
### Features

>  - The [`SymbolLayer.iconTextFit`](https://docs.mapbox.com/android/api/map-sdk/9.1.0/com/mapbox/mapboxsdk/style/layers/PropertyFactory.html#iconTextFit-com.mapbox.mapboxsdk.style.expressions.Expression-) property now respects the stretch metadata of any nine-part stretchable image passed into the `style.addImage` method. You can define the stretchable area of an image by configuring the `stretchX`, `stretchY`, `content` options on `Style.addImage` to append the requisite [metadata](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-gl-js/issues/8917). ([#314](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-gl-native-android/pull/314))

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 - The [`SymbolLayer.iconTextFit`](https://docs.mapbox.com/android/api/map-sdk/9.2.0-alpha.1/com/mapbox/mapboxsdk/style/layers/PropertyFactory.html#iconTextFit-com.mapbox.mapboxsdk.style.expressions.Expression-) property now respects the stretch metadata of any nine-part stretchable image passed into the `style.addImage` method. You can define the stretchable area of an image by configuring the `stretchX`, `stretchY`, `content` options on `Style.addImage` to append the requisite [metadata](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-gl-js/issues/8917). ([#314](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-gl-native-android/pull/314))
```

 - Added methods to set and get the sort key of features in a `CircleLayer` at runtime. Features with a higher sort key will appear above features with a lower sort key. ([#322](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-gl-native-android/pull/322))
 - Added `Source.maxOverscaleFactor` for defining the maximum factor by which a parent tile can be overscaled during rendering. This setting is only needed if a custom source on your map appears blurry or distorted when viewed at new zoom levels. ([#299](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-gl-native-android/pull/299))

> ### Bug fixes

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Improvements and bug fixes
```

Mapbox welcomes participation and contributions from everyone. Please read [`Contributing Guide`](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-gl-native/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md) to get started.

## 9.2.0-alpha.1 - April 21, 2020
[Changes](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-gl-native-android/compare/android-v9.1.0...android-v9.2.0-alpha.1) since [Mapbox Maps SDK for Android v9.1.0](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-gl-native-android/releases/tag/android-v9.1.0):
### Features

>  - Added methods to set and get a limit for how much parent tile can be overscaled for a source.([#299](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-gl-native-android/pull/299))

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 - Enabled setting `Source.maxOverscaleFactor` to determine the maximum amount that a parent tile can be overscaled during rendering. This setting is only needed if a custom source on your map is appearing blurry or distorted when viewed at new zoom levels. ([#299](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-gl-native-android/pull/299))
```
